Can't edit cluster's name and add Serverless naming step (#17891)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/create-your-cluster.md

## Step 6. Name the cluster

> The cluster is automatically given a randomly-generated name. If desired, change the cluster's name. The cluster name must be 6-20 characters in length, and can include lowercase letters, numbers, and dashes (but no leading or trailing dashes). You cannot edit a cluster's name after it is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster is automatically given a randomly-generated name. If desired, change the cluster's name. The cluster name must be 6-20 characters in length, and can include lowercase letters, numbers, and dashes (but no leading or trailing dashes). A cluster's name cannot be edited after it is created.
```
To avoid the reader thinking someone else might be able to change it.

Author: ty!
